You
He is scheduled for 16 minutes next.
It's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Well, I can't thank you kids enough.
Shaggy should get most of the credit.
Where is Shaggy?
Oh no, not again.
Looks like Shaggy wants to try for the eight-man role in the picture.
Where are you?
But there's Scooby doing the other chair.
Surprise! It's the Scooby hat the eight-man was wearing.
Now there's real talent.
We sure fooled him Scooby.
We ought to be in the movies.
Scooby doo doo doo!
Why would you understand that you were in the city of the A's?
Yes, two days ago.
What sites did you see?
You think you're a bear and a tommy?
A bomb?
A gun?
You don't understand Mr. Brown.
A bomb is a holy weapon, please.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
It's the 15th of October, 2023.
This is Kigong Biology.
This is Kigong Judges.
Good Evening Ladies and Gentlemen!
go on biological high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a
biologist since the 15th of October 2023. As you can see my voice is less than
optimal this evening. I'm not gonna make it a long show but I'm not gonna miss my
show. I apologize if anyone was watching Mark's dream and got cut short. You can
always come back here and watch this later. Don't take the bait on TV and
social media and obviously it's getting a little hot in here now. Don't get me
wrong it's not that I didn't expect them to to up the stakes and I think that a
significant number of people will be put in harm's way in order for these
people to get what they want and that is very independent of the mystery of the
of the dangerous gain of function virus. So this is for all the marbles I've
said this for a long time and that's why these people were put in the positions
that they were put in earlier than the pandemic. I'm gonna make reference to
someone tonight by the name of of Shapiro this guy here and this guy here and is he
in this picture? No he's not in that picture. But he was at the original
meeting with with Joe and Sam and Jordan and Rogan and Shapiro and I can't
remember that guy's name. And so Shapiro of course has a pretty predictable
position on the on the calamity that's occurring in the Middle East and I have
no doubt in my mind that as with all of the things in modern history it's not a
matter what is true that counts but a matter of what is perceived to be true
and we are again being sucked into choosing a side oftentimes it's choosing
a side but to form an opinion on something that is purely based on images
on your phone hearsay on television and whatever performance art is on your
cable TV but yet we're all being urged to form an opinion about and it's
extraordinary because we were never urged to form an opinion about whether or not
we should lock down or whether we not thought masks for kids were okay or
whether we not thought shutting down schools were alright or whether we thought
old people should get transfected or not but now we're being urged to make an
opinion about this it's pretty extraordinary how many of the people in
this diagram have also taken a pretty interestingly I said that up yet an
interestingly this working or did I oh maybe I did I did I did it's amazing on
many people in this picture have taken a stance a relatively polarized stance on
whether or not we should help or not help or support or not support or which
flag we should fly these people that at the beginning of the pandemic pretty
much kept their head down for a year and a half had an opinion about what happened
over there within ten hours and we're certain about it it's frustrating
because this illusion of consensus about so many things on television
extraordinary it's extraordinarily powerful and we've been moving pieces
around on this board for a while now one piece that I'm hoping to add this
week to the board is dr. Jolie hope I'm gonna get him on my stream this week I
don't know if I'm gonna have him out of my voice is this bad but we have a
pre-arrange agreement for him to come on this week so I'm excited about that of
course you remember the main objective here is to get this message out we're
not trying to win the race to the opening of the cave or just trying to keep
making progress and not being distracted by these people and I think one of the
ways to separate ourselves from these people is this statement right here and
a lot of the individuals that will say that we're just a distraction or that
I'm running in circles or repeating myself won't address this slide right
here there's a reason because it's part of the faith it's part of the faith that
vaccination is a good idea that we know how to do it that it's worked all the
time and that there are viruses in the future we're for sure gonna need to
vaccinate for
excuse me and so I wanted to look at a couple videos that I found that really
how spectacular this is first one is this one it's a video that I found I
think on Twitter and it's a speech that Steve Kirsch gave at some rally and I
think it's in California and a lot of what Steve Kirsch is is outwardly
supporting and advocating for seems on its face to be quite valid but my
experience with him is there's something incongruent with his actions and I guess
the best anecdote that I can tell you that should convince you that something's
weird about him is that I was invited to be on this group of people that met on
zoom called Steve's steering committee and I don't need to say who's in that
steering committee it doesn't really matter but it's kind of like an advisory
committee where he gets together and you know talks with people and I don't think
I was on that steering committee for that long when I happened to run into
Steve accidentally at a party at someone's house in California and I don't I know
that he didn't expect me to be there and when he saw me it wasn't like oh my
gosh I'm so happy to meet you in person how lucky is this or you know anything
like that which is what you would expect if a person genuinely wanted your
advice and genuinely sought it out and really appreciated you using your time
once a week to be on his steering committee and listen to his ideas about
what to write sub-stacks about but instead it was an incredulous look of
wow you're bigger than I thought you were and that's exactly what words came out
of his mouth he wasn't interested in my kids in my wife and in me and in fact it
was almost as if it was an inconvenience that I was there rather than a wonderful
serendipitous moment where two people that would love to meet each other in
person I was excited when I saw him but very quickly that excitement faded as I
realized that he would be there for the whole party and never talked to me again
it's a real strange dude because we were at the same event for the weekend then
meeting serendipitously at the pre-party and even at the meeting at the
event there's minimal contact and it's just strange it's not what one would
expect and this pattern of behavior has repeated quite often I'm pretty sure
that like many of the signal groups that I've been invited to join being
invited to Steve's steering committee is more like being invited to tell me all
you know so I can use it kind of meeting and flattery and ego massage is used to
get everybody to put down their guard and tell everybody their intimate thoughts
and whatever and that's how they got us that's how they got all the people on
the dissident side with intimate phone calls and intimate meetings and hotel
meetings and watching a husband and wife argue and now suddenly the husband and
wife have to be real now you can't doubt them anymore because they fight you know
and when you watch them fight now you know they're not liars as if that is
not a stick but that's how all of this magic is done and that's how all of these
people have been put in their roles and if you I think if you listen to Steve
Kirsch's speech very well here you will hear a very enticing what sounds like a
guy who's just shooting from his cuff shooting from the hip whatever this
phrase is trying to tell you what he's fighting for but you'll hear the
thoughts you'll hear the faith there was a novel virus it's changing all the time
the variants are there we had to do something what we did was rushed and they
were covering it up because it was a gain of function virus you probably hear
all of it I don't know how long this is I don't know if I'm gonna listen to the
whole thing but it'll give me a break force to get it regular families were
forced to get it with peer pressure and with and there was also the
bribery's there was the donuts the pizzas the money with medicine there
should never be bribery those two should never be mixed whatsoever so I
would like to introduce you to a true hero this is a man who is behind our
Vaccine Safety Research Foundation we have put on to defeat the mandates we
have overcome all kinds of obstacles we continue to fight we have amazing
events planned for next year we will not stop we are not going anywhere we're
here for all of you even all of you that are going in there to see Dr. Anthony
Fauci but Mr. Steve Kersch he is one of our true heroes he's a Bay Area
entrepreneur he is the number one misinformation spreader super spreader
I think we need to change his title though to number one information spreader
I don't think he likes that one quite as much but it is true he is the number
one information spreader and he is a true hero he is a man that is driven by truth
and by science and what I mean science I'm not talking about Anthony Fauci
bought big pharma science he is driven by true science and so thank you Steve
Kersch
and thank you all for coming today it's great to see you out here and and
protesting this you know I tried I don't have a ticket to get into the talk
today and I figured that if I submitted a question you know because they always
have this thing where you can write down a question and submit it and then if
it's from you for me like them they're never gonna ask about I mean is this
any different than then George Webb getting kicked out of the conference in
Atlanta he went to some freedom lawyers conference in Atlanta and pretended or
kind of got kicked out for not having a press pass or something whatever is this
any different now he's gonna say that he tried to submit a question and they
wouldn't answer it the guy at the desk said no come on these are the kinds of
things that don't really make any sense to me why would you even tell these
stories these stories are only being told because it's all it's all a stick
this guy's really really rich why does he need to raise money on a 501 you know
on a nonprofit organization why does that need to happen because I don't get
where all these people become heroes then he paid a bunch of lawyers to make a
501 what is it a 503 501 3 C3 so that people can donate big dollars you know
like the same foundations that's that fund the PBS NewsHour are donating to
his vaccine safety research foundation must be real sketchy on real real edgy
stuff the skull foundation is funding it I mean this is where we are because this
is the guy that Robert Malone supposedly came out with on the Brett Weinstein
podcast and Robert Malone is kind of pretending to be a Republican but his
best friend is the biggest single donor to the Democratic Party and he comes
out on Brent Weinstein's podcast I mean I think we're seeing something here
really important that they've decided to just kind of ignore it and pretend
that people are not seeing through them and they're just going to keep going
forward and hope that the tide doesn't turn but the tide needs to turn people
were killed by protocols and if he doesn't mention protocols even once here
we have a problem so listen he better mention them actually the question so
it's almost useless to go in and so but I went up there anyway and I said hey
look I'm I'm pretty famous I'm the number one misinformation super spreader
in the world and I just want to ask Fauci one question on stage you know
can I can I do that the answer is no we don't have anyone who could talk to you
about that so I tell you I didn't come here with high expectations and I was
not disappointed by that response you know the other I'm pretty famous and I'd
like to talk to Tony Fauci that's like going to an Eric Clapton show and saying
I'm pretty famous I'd like to go backstage it's just stupid it's just
stupid the thing that I noticed is that a lot of people who believe what Fauci
says and what their doctor says is they are basically trusting authority and when
I came out and I said hey you know it looks like the data actually shows that
these shots are not safe and effective people didn't believe me because I'm
not a doctor I'm not an expert I'm not an epidemiologist and I'm just a
regular you know engineer with a couple of degrees from MIT that knows how to
analyze data but apparently that doesn't count right so I tried to make it very
clear to people who can't tell the difference between what science says
and what the experts say and so what I did is I offered a million dollars to
anybody in the world who would bet me and my bet was the vaccine has killed
more people than it's safe now that's a that's a very safe bet and I was
prepared to go to ten million dollars or even more if anybody wanted to take
me up on it can you believe that nobody in the entire world would take my bet
easy money for someone right because we all know we all trust the authorities
that the vaccines are safe and effective and they save lives so I should be
inundated like I should be bankrupt because everyone's gonna take my million
dollars from me and but nobody took me up on it but there's one guy one guy in
the entire world he's in Israel his name is Sarwulf he's a tech entrepreneur
and a poker player he's not a doctor he's not an epidemiologist and he he said
I'll take your bet for half a million and I say you're on so we have an escrow
agent we have an agreement we're in the process of picking judges which of
course is the hard part because you have to find judges who actually can
interpret the data but the point is that if the vaccines really worked and we're
saving lives and everybody would be wanting to take my money and there's
only one guy and he wasn't even in the United States who accepted my bet what
does that tell you it tells you that nobody has any conviction in their
beliefs it says that every health authority in the entire world is happy
to risk your life on the vaccine but they will not risk their money they will not
risk a dime abetting their money that they're right and so when you look at
this is the vaccine safe and effective and I've been looking at this problem
for a couple of years now and you know at first I was posting on Twitter and
then I got two lifetime bands on Twitter and ended up starting a
sub-stack in October two years ago and 1500 articles later it's it's even worse
than I thought and I just found about a month ago I found what I considered to
be the holy grail you know and how many people saw the Monty Python and the
search for the holy grail okay so you know it's like crossing the bridge you
know where the troll asked the three questions and you know and then you got
the what's the and what's the and then you know told the troll what's the
labian airspeed of it or what's what's the airspeed of a laden swallow and then
the right answer is African or European I don't know people remember that but
anyway I digress so I finally found the mother load and the
technically that wasn't the right answer it was a question that went asked the
person who was asking the questions to cross the bridge didn't know the answer
and so then he got to go across other load is it's CMS data it is the Medicare
data so it so CMS is Medicare and what happened is that for the last two
years for the last two years they have been collecting data from over 15,000
nursing homes on a weekly basis they've they've tracked the number of COVID
cases number of infections and the number of COVID does and they've been
publishing that for the last two years now has anyone ever seen an analysis of
that data that says look look at this data it shows the vaccines worked on the
elderly which was the number one demographic for where the vaccine was
supposed to work now has anyone ever seen a paper referencing that Medicare data
that's the gold standard Medicare data this is it this is you don't get any
better than this data this is the best data in the world for showing that it
worked did you ever see a paper anywhere that analyze the data and so this data
shows that it worked no it's a good point and you got a given points on that but
so far we're started with the shot we haven't talked about the fact that the
danger of the virus was grossly exaggerated by the lockdowns and the
imposition of protocols based on a financial incentive and the huge changes
that took place in New York City that were used as a precedence around the
world and around the globe used as a prelude let's say those numbers that
were generated in New York State were used as a prelude of what was gonna
happen around the world and all the governments took it that way there's
no bones about it that is what happened and we are already in he started his
story in 2021 because that's when the two inspections were rolled out or if
you want to look at the UK's perspective late 2020 was when asked
through Zeneca I think hit the streets so that's why I decided to look at the
data because they weren't looking at the data now why wouldn't they look at the
data if it showed that the vaccines work and the answer is it shows the
vaccines did the opposite it shows the vaccines made old people more oh sorry
likely to die from Covid and then the effect wore off and they're the same as
they were before which means the vaccine actually killed a bunch of people so
the vaccine made them more likely to die of Covid the novel virus did you hear
it because that's what this is about to me this is it this is you don't get any
better than this data this is the best data in the world for showing that it
worked did you ever see a paper anywhere that analyzed the data and said this
data shows that it worked no so that's why I decided to look at the data because
they weren't looking at the data now why wouldn't they look at the data if it
showed that the vaccines work and the answer is it shows the vaccines did the
opposite it shows the vaccines made old people more likely to die from Covid
and then the effect wore off and they're the same as they were before which means
the vaccine actually killed a bunch of people and then sort of didn't and then
then what happened is omicron hit so the the virus changed it it changed to a
less lethal variant and you know what happened the infection fatality rate
which is the number of deaths versus the number of infections okay and so that
went down meaning something worked to protect you against Covid and what it
was is the omicron variant because the omicron variant is less deadly than the
the variants before by a factor of seven and you can see that in the Medicare
data you can see the effect of omicron in the Medicare data and it lowers the
infection fatality rate by a factor of around seven but the vaccine increased
it by one point six so in other words their own data shows that the vaccine
actually accelerated death because it increased your risk of dying from Covid
this is very important for people to know and I'll be writing a sub-stack on it
I was gonna try to finish it today but it'll probably be either later tonight
or tomorrow I will have all of this out and I want to thank there was a there
were a couple of people standing here that I showed this data to and they said
no this shows that it the vaccines work they said no and and so they actually
helped me by talking to people who you know aren't familiar with data analysis
it was super helpful because now I can present the data in a way that the
average person can understand and so you have to sort of partial it out but
that's the key is really is getting people to look at the data and say look
nobody can challenge nobody's able to challenge this guy on it and in fact I
raised over $50,000 from my followers for people who are willing to sponsor a
debate between you know either me or other experts on on various topics and
so the point is that if we offer $10,000 we say hey you can donate to the
maturity of your choice just for engaging in a conversation to show me
the right path and nobody shows up it's an indictment on them because we're
using their data and it's very clear it shows that the vaccines not only did
nothing they actually made you more likely to die from covid and so this
data is not been you know the CDC never talks did you ever heard the CDC talk
about this this nursing home data no of course not if the vaccine worked they
be it'd be like every week they'd be referring to that data and so it just
shows you just how corrupt this whole system is and you know two years ago I
mean I took the vaccine because I trusted the FDA I thought everything was on a
level like a lot of people thinking like oh well they're experts and you must
don't know what they're they're talking about and I'm you know doing my thing is
it so isn't it clear this is completely and totally on faith there's a novel
virus we had to do something the mRNA killed a bunch of people no doubt I mean
I wonder I'm I'm scared to let it play because we might get to the stage where
the EC is gonna say that they were contaminated and then it's completely
the whole narrative and it's it's very difficult for me at this stage to
believe that they didn't have this whole narrative ready to go and already
planned even if it's a if it's a permutation of the original one because
they had to go a little farther than they intended they thought more people
would be on board it would be easier they wouldn't have to turn up to eat so
much on the narrative but they've they're fine with it I'm not really sure
who these people are and who they all work for but they do not work for us they
are not grassroots salt of the earth people fighting for their next-door
neighbors like I humbly submit that I am I humbly submit that I am fighting for
everybody in Pittsburgh everybody in Wisconsin everybody in Chicago everybody
in Amsterdam and in Rotterdam and everywhere where I've ever lived and
anywhere that I know somebody that I care about because who else do you fight
for you can't care for every person on the planet and you can't let your heart
break for every person on the planet and if you do that then you can't go on
your phone or watch television ever again because that's not the way that's
not the way your brain is supposed to function you're not supposed to have
empathy for all 8 billion people on the planet
and so if they are directing your empathy around the world if they are
directing your emotions around the world you got a wonder and you got to ask
yourself why let's try to know maybe I'll just listen what time is it 10 15
I'll listen tech entrepreneur and so I ended up getting two shots of Moderna
but right after that I started hearing about deaths or near deaths from people
that were close to me I in fact I heard from one person that three of her
relatives took the vaccine and they died within a week after they got the
vaccine and they were perfectly and of course that's the story that he told
out of Brad Weinstein podcast it's his house gleeber his house geeber is the
one that had three people die healthy before that I said look there's no way
that that could possibly be happening so either you're lying to me or the
government's lying to me and I found out pretty quick that it was the government
lying to me and so you know and it's not just by the way it's not just for this
vaccine that they're lying to you it's to get our vaccines as well you know I
talked to Alex about hey Alex is there actually a safe vaccine right is
there is a vaccine I should get and the answer is no that if you look at all the
vaccine it's dawned I mean just now that you know if you say this as what are you
really doing them well you're either setting people up for a real pain
because anybody who's recently converted to the the you doubt everything team
knows that it's a pretty painful conversion and secondly you're almost
suggesting that we need vaccines just the old ones don't work either and so I'm
very skeptical of his particular stance although you know what I'm happy about
it for now because this is the right message we need to say this as I said in
my slides intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the
intent of augmenting the immune system is probably dumb and so he's right but
he's not saying that he's saying that the old vaccines and these new ones
they're both kind of sketch but let's listen to the details of why things they're
aren't safety studies that show that demonstrate that the benefits outweigh
the risk because they never do these aftermarket safety studies with the
large numbers required to show them and so you're flying blind but what we do
know is that in every study that's published in the peer reviewed that's
an interesting I'm gonna go back to let you listen to it again that's an
interesting and different thing than what Aaron Siri argues and what I believe
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. argues which is that they haven't done placebo studies
for the vaccines Steve seems to be arguing that we have a lot more data now
and we can go into these medical databases and look at the temporal
correlation between different ICD-10 codes and the application of these
products and you can see whether or not there's a difference and I think he's
right about that so again saying something relatively smart here is Steve
Kirsch mixed in with 100% narrative town Omicron saved us not the vaccine the
whole nine yards Omicron saved us according to Steve Kirsch gave us the
immunity and to me and so you know and it's not just by the way it's not just
for this vaccine that they're lying to you is to get our vaccines as well you
know I talked to Alex about hey Alex is there actually a safe vaccine right is
there is there a vaccine I should get and the answer is no that if you look at
all the vaccines there aren't safety studies that show that demonstrate that
the benefits outweigh the risk because they never do these aftermarket safety
studies with the large numbers required to show that and so you're flying blind
but what we do know is that in every study that's published in the peer
reviewed medical journal we do know that in every single case when they compare
the fully vaccinated with the fully unvaccinated that the fully unvaccinated
kids do better on virtually every metric and you know so whether you're looking
autism ADHD food allergies the list goes on and on but it's effectively auto
immune disease is the big thing you know as a factor of 25 odds ratio which
means virtually all autoimmune diseases if you have like a food allergy or
anything that is you know type one diabetes that these things are being
triggered by the vaccines and we know that not just from from the studies
that have been done from my independent study but there's also a clinic that's
located in the United States I won't say where they've been doing this for 25
years and they counsel the parents do if parents says I want a vaccine for my
kid they will give them full informed consent they will tell them here's the
downside and all the parents refuse to have their kids vaccinated so for the
past 25 years for all these kids in the practice there's not been a single case
of autism in 25 years and they're in a community where autism is through the
roof you can't explain that if it wasn't the vaccines causing it and I know
another I know a doctor who has a lot of autism patients and I asked him you
know sometimes kids go autistic they're normal and then they suddenly go
autistic just like that for normal one day and they wake up the next day or you
know hours later they're autistic and they're autistic for the rest of their
lives what triggers that well it turns out I asked him I said so in how many
cases did that happen where it happened within two weeks after a vaccine he said
44 how many cases where that happened and it was two weeks just before their
vaccine vaccine shot zero okay so you can do the math on that and it turns out
that it'll never happen if the vaccine wasn't causing the autism what I just
told you from one doctor it's just 44 cases but they're all post-vaccine you
can't get that that's like flipping a coin 44 times and getting all heads okay
it's not a fair coin okay if it was a fair coin have to be halped heads have
tails right so this is they're all happening after the vaccine so this
thing where they all these doctors will say oh you know it's been you know there's
no link between vaccines and autism that's bullshit you know virtually all of
these autism cases are being caused by vaccines and I'm not talking about
and I'm including the case shot and the mother getting a vaccine beforehand and
so forth so the bottom line is that if there's a safe vaccine I will let you
know on my substack don't hold your breath but for now the list of safe
vaccines is my favorite it's my favorite slide in the deck and it's a
blank slide that is your list of safe vaccines so keep that in mind so thank
you thank you for coming out today thank you very much
thank you everybody it's pretty easy for him to basically not give any credit to
anyone take all credit for himself and more importantly I would say that what's
striking about this is that he goes farther than Robert F. Kennedy Jr. or
Meryl Nast has ever gone I've never heard Meryl Nast say that there are no
safe vaccines I've never heard Robert F. Kennedy say there are no
same vaccines in fact I've heard him say often that he's pro vaccine he just
wants them tested and I think I've also heard him hint that if there was a safe
vaccine that he would be fine with mandating it we are not out of the woods
yet ladies and gentlemen and don't think for one second that I have any pre
misconceptions about what's going on here how everyone is still being used in
puppeteered and played and it's a multi-layer theater here some people don't
know that they're part of it some people don't know what part they're playing
and to a certain extent it has to be the same with me it's not possible for me to
know exactly what happened and it's not possible for me to know exactly what's
happening and so to the extent to which I'm unable to escape from the traps that
are inevitably everywhere I too am still scumbly dude by something almost
assuredly but it's just a question of where do you put your energy in time I've
got three kids and a wife who I never didn't see all day today almost and
don't see on most days I can't expand into politics I want to get back to
teaching biology but this illusion that they are casting on us this cognitive
enchantment it must be broken it must be broken or our children will never
escape it I can hear it from my boys when they come home from school their
entire faculty is trapped the entire school is trapped in it we are very far
from out of this mess and I think a lot of us have been fooled into believing
that we've made more progress than we have because of the way that social
media echoes inside of the cave I just want to be careful and I want to be
vigilant and I want to be humble this shirt that I'm wearing here is from three
years ago when Aaron Rodgers was still playing on the Packers and was sort of
kind of lying about whether he'd been immunized or not but he was immunized he
was immunized by infection and for a while during my stream I was wearing a
yellow wristband I mean we're really in a mess here and this illusion of the
of the narrative that the mystery that we've been tricked into solving and the
people who have tricked us to believe that they are the heroes that are
solving the mystery we've got to break this in chimp
this one is especially brutal but it's important to see there's a number of
aspects of this that I want to point out as we go through it the first one is
that what we have here is the Jimmy Dor show it's a relatively well-watched
show on YouTube with millions of subscribers and followers and they they're
pretty good about seeing through lies in certain context but they are like many
other people incapable of seeing that if they'll lie about all this other stuff
why wouldn't they lie about a virus why wouldn't they lie about the
specificity of a test why wouldn't they lie about a few sequences why wouldn't
they lie about this stuff do you really believe that they would lie about terrorist
events lie about how buildings would fall down lie about where bombs come from
lie about who kills world leaders and not lie about a virus
it's pretty naive
so
explicit was near the old con child actor Ben Shapiro has promoted an AI
generated image he claims showed an Israeli baby burnt by Hamas militants
didn't it in Yahoo's office shows similar fabricated images to Joe Biden and Tony
but they didn't have to because Joe Biden went and repeated the lie he's
gonna wait chicken wings chicken wings chicken wings chicken legs breaking
Israeli is used white before we get that let's go let's stick with the chicken
legs guys let me let you get first stab at this because I think this is part of
a bigger picture right here it's not just Ben Shapiro who is doing this and
this is once again this mentality that if you keep repeating the lie it becomes
a truth you have to stay on narrative you keep yelling and screaming about it
and at the end of the day a lot of people don't do their research don't look down
the rabbit hole don't try to understand it just becomes automatic truth so did
you hear what he just said how precise he said it just think if he would apply
that to covid and to the pandemic just think how precisely he said that now
what they're debating is that Ben Shapiro may or may not have perpetuated the
sharing of an AI generated image of a burnt baby from Israel it's still up for
grabs is whether it's an AI image but think about how how fifth generation
warfare that crap is or you've got a guy who's part of the early intellectual
dark web an influencer placed on purpose by the teal group by the musk and teal
group under the Joe Rogan pyramid is in a is in full view saying crazy things and
then we can argue with him by showing that it was an AI thing boy this AI is
trouble isn't it and at the same time we're also talking about this listen to how
he describes it and then marvel and revel in the idea that he's not talking
about how protocols were used to exaggerate a novel pathogen or even to
create the illusion of a novel pathogen he's not talking about that at all he's
not even talking about the fact that that same illusion was used to justify
giving millions of people including the main host of this show permanent damage
from transfection and instead they're talking about this as if this is the
why this is the new Scooby-Doo to solve obviously they let it happen
obviously they're exaggerating obviously it's polarizing again right on the same
darn fault line how weird is that huh they are trying to fraction us fraction
made us badly they want us to fight about this they hope that people will
take action don't take the bait ladies and gentlemen don't take the bait like
these people are we don't need to get worked up over this we don't need to get
worked up over this because we were just attacked for three years and we're still
under attack now we got our own problems and the Israelis you know
if we're gonna step out on this one if we're gonna step out on this one we
got to step out on the side of peace you got to step out on the side of love and
you got to step out on the side of turn your other cheek I'm sorry you don't
like that that's the way it is I'm not saying that if somebody comes into my
house they're not gonna get shot but I'm saying that you can't use bombs on a
population that can't go anywhere
it's just ridiculous but again I don't want to talk about it and they want you
to talk about it that's what my point is they want everybody to argue about it
they want you to debate about it they want you to think about what does this
mean doesn't this mean the United States is really bad because they're
unwavering support for Israel shouldn't the whole world hate the United States
shouldn't the United States tear itself down just from shame that's what they
want us to do that much is very clear because the other side is also crying
both sides are crying in the United States people both on both sides that
have nobody no skin in the game just hypothetical skin in the game like you
know I watch it on my phone I see it on TV I've been following it my whole life
I've been to Israel before and so they think they have skin in the game but
these same people didn't have any skin in the game when we were using Remdesivir
on people in hospitals for a year and a half these people don't have any skin
in the game when people are dying of opioids on the street these people don't
have any skin in the game when crack cocaine was spreading through the inner
cities for the whole of the 90s people don't give a shit
but we're supposed to get all riled up now and it is an atrocity it is awful
there's a lot of awful things happening in Africa too I think there are some
awful things happening in Asia too and there's an ongoing awful thing
happening over here where we've been lied to they're lying to our children and
they're governing us with mythologies
don't get caught up in this but listen very carefully to how they describe it
because it's important they get it right they're really close if they could just
apply this to everything instead of just what the TV tells them to apply it to
this would all be great and that's the trick the TV is telling them that this
is the thing to argue about and these are the two sides these are the two
perspectives
and so they're arguing about it and they've forgotten already about what they
should be arguing about which is that people violated our rights our sovereignty
on a worldwide scale lied to us on a worldwide scale stole trillions of
dollars and murdered many innocent people
we get that let's go let's stick with the chicken legs guys let me let you get
the first stab at this because I think this is part of a bigger picture right
here it's not just Ben Shapiro who is doing this and this is once again this
mentality that if you keep repeating the lie it becomes a truth you have to stay
on narrative you keep yelling and screaming about it and at the end of the
day a lot of people don't do their research don't look down the rabbit hole
don't try to understand it just becomes automatic truth Hamas is barbaric and
what they're doing to the Jewish citizens is awful due dissonance boys and instead
you could have so substituted in there there's a novel virus we had to do
something the mRNA is great it's probably gain function so it could come
again and keep screaming it over and over or just don't question it question
everything else vigorously that's the trick
I don't know if I have to play any more of this but I'm gonna let it go just for
a second to see why I recorded it for so long take a shot at it whenever you
hear very over-the-top stories like this they're almost never true and the real
problem is that is it an over-the-top story to say that a RNA molecule that was
found in a bat cave has circulated the goal for three and a half years is that
an over-the-top story is it an over-the-top story to say that we had to close
down a planet for an RNA molecule is that an over-the-top story at all that
doesn't come across as a little odd they can see it with this over-the-top story
bodies burned doesn't seem that over-the-top to me but okay sure do you see my
point you're these people that watch social media and try to extract truth
from it without seeing the people for the bamboozled people that they are I'm
not saying these guys are bad guys they don't know any better they're trying to
help but they're traumatized it's not post-traumatic stress disorder this is
just stress disorder and they're trying desperately to keep up with the
contradictions and the incongruities and they're trying to keep up with this
this fake maze that's coming at us in the background here and solve all the
moving parts and duck out of the way and they think they're doing a good job but
that's actually the dance that the controllers want them to do we got to say
that this is bullshit and stand still while this illusion passes us by that's
what we need to do and then determine how it is that we're going to take
control back of our country it's not going to be by electing anybody that I
know right now I'll listen to a little more at look government's gonna
government propaganda department's gonna propaganda is it's the job of the
media to tell the truth and we have a media that not only doesn't tell the
truth but amplifies these kinds of lives and they do it every time as soon as
you know whether it's Gulf of Tonkin whether it's it's Viagra the kadafi
giving his soldiers Viagra when whenever you hear these stories that are just
really incredible nine times out of ten they're either completely fabricated or
grossly exaggerated but they have to imagine if we could get these people to
consider the possibility that there's biological reason to believe that the
pandemic was just such an operation gosh we're close yet so damn far we're so
close but we're so damn far it's unbelievable
to present this because it's part of maintaining the narrative of worthy and
unworthy victims as Chomsky calls it right because they the underlying message
is that these people are savages these people are barbaric these people have
invited the treatment that they get from Israel because look at how they behave
right they're savages they can't be trusted outside of the concentration
camp that's been built for them because I'm gonna leave it I don't know how far
it's gonna go but I don't want to cover that too much it was my intention just
to show you that they are very easily able to process the idea that we've been
lied to on certain fronts but not on other fronts and that's a little
frustrating to me
every liar is a murderer did you know that
every liar because when you lie you kill the spirit of life in the mind of the
person who believes the lie you are ill-affecting somebody when you're
lying and you're ill-affecting yourself so you become Shaitan Shaitan in Arabic
is one whose evil is not just limited to oneself but he is
spread to others and once you start lying you're lying to somebody about
something or someone so now in lying the evil of yourself is being spread to
somebody else you becoming becoming not yet a devil but you're on your way
Jesus said I know you you are of your father who the devil now let's go look
deeper into that
so I really do believe that they lied to us about a dangerous novel virus and
that they had a plan to use a nonspecific test and financial incentives to
employ that test in order to convert a much larger portion of all cause
mortality to a new disease other than flu and pneumonia and to make that new
disease a national security priority and I believe that this likely was
facilitated by the dissemination of an RNA infectious clone which is the only
real version of a RNA molecule that's of any danger to anybody a self-replicating
RNA molecule that can be dispersed a pure version of this so that it could be
tracked by its sequence there is a distinct biological possibility that if
it was distributed in quantity and in purity that it might even limitedly
spread similar to how these clones can be shown to spread between cell cultures
and animals in the laboratory but the spread is limited and the lifespan is
limited because of the infidelity of RNA replication and we got here by three
years of studying the swarm swarm dynamics and studying the idea that
there are these huge portions of an RNA swarm during replication which are
incompetent RNA noise that's created by these molecules when they're put into
culture or put into an animal and that RNA noise can be cleaned up with
sequencing reactions it can be made into a consensus sequence but the biology of
that noise and the biology of that swarm has never been adequately
represented here because the biology of that swarm belies the fact that it
cannot sustain a pandemic and it certainly can't sustain a pandemic with
pure sequences that are trackable around the world for years where an
omicron variant in its transmissibility but relatively a virulence can immunize
the world these are mythologies that have been laid down by a sophisticated
group of actors in front and behind the scenes to make sure that everybody
believes the gain of function is real and that pandemic potential is real so
that they can slowly but surely invert the sovereignty of our children into a
permission system that's based on digital ID and the illusion of consensus
that we've been under for the last three years was wittingly and unwittingly
created by many of the people that we considered heroes that's the truth
almost nobody that we really considered a hero is in fact that they have been
wittingly or unwittingly co-opted many of them may have been forced to be
co-opted men forced to accept the fate of you push this narrative you don't
cross these third rails and you'll be okay if you do not so much I've met a lot
of people who were scared I've gotten a sense that a lot of people are scared so
I have no doubt in my mind that not everybody is having a good time being
a dissident but the hot tubs look fun but these people have laid down this
consensus of the fact that there is pandemic potential and bad caves that
can be accessed through cell culture and also through animal passage and
enhanced through genetic methods and that is the same illusion of consensus
that has us trapped that as us as I have characterized a Scooby-Doo trying to
solve the mystery of where it came from and once you try to solve that mystery
you accept that it's there and you're bamboozled that's the enchantment that
allowed us to think that we needed to reformulate how we think about respiratory
disease that we need to reformulate how we think about all cause mortality that
there's a new way of responding to a respiratory virus with great big
antibodies that can't even cross that barrier and they needed to reinforce
this mythology of vaccination which has been under attack for much longer than
2020 and in fact was quite rigorously under assault for the five years
preceding the pandemic I was blissfully unaware as many of you were not all of
you I know and this misleading that's now above my head allowed them to
ventilate people to stop the spread it allowed them to use Remdesivir for more
than three years now in some places medazolam in the UK and not treat
bacterial pneumonia for almost two years in certain places as Denny
Rankor has so eloquently shown us but then they did a bunch of other things to
make sure that all of us were affected and all of us were forced to choose
whether to conform or not and so when the vast majority of us conform it's
another illusion of consensus when you walked around and you saw everybody in
their cars with masks on that's an illusion of consensus and that's how they
got us hey everyone I know there's a lot going on right now in Israel and believe
me I don't think any innocent civilians should die but let's face it this shit's
been going on for 90 years and when I go on acts which used to be Twitter and
look at the spaces tonight every space is about Israel except one every single
space Mario has a space right now with 17,000 people in it talking about Israel
now unless you know someone over there unless it's family or a friend there's
nothing we can do about that and I'll say it again I don't want to see any
innocent civilians die on either side but this innocent civilian is dead and he
wasn't killed by a bomb he was killed by lies and I want people to know I've
always been honest with all of you I'm about ready to give up that's how I feel
the last two weeks have been fucking horrible but when the whole world just
wants to talk about Israel now are you fucking kidding me this vaccine has
killed ten times more than bombs in Israel or Hamas or Hezbollah and you know
what honestly I don't give a fuck about that that's no offense to anybody but I
don't I don't feel fuck about it I don't look at it I don't watch it CNN had this
story on that I was just flipping through channels today and CNN said oh
there's children sleeping without blankets oh is there Sean is dead okay
more people have died from the vaccine than what's going on over there and it
seems to me like a lot of people aren't talking about it anymore and believe me
I'm not talking about my followers you are all the greatest people on earth you
know what's going on but the rest of the world isn't fighting about it I sent
Mary our message begging him please we do a space about Sean he always has
thousands of people in this space I have two lawsuits launched one against Pfizer
and one against the Canadian government is anyone else doing a lawsuit right now
not that I know of are we just gonna forget about this and move on because
the second you do that that's when it all goes away that's what they're
hoping you do I'm not saying that this Israel things a distraction but it sure
is distracting a lot of you where it's the only thing that matters right now the
only thing that matters to me right now is my son is gone this Thanksgiving that
just went by for Canadians I said to myself okay Dan you've got this it's
just a fucking meal it's not that big a deal but then I look over at John's empty
seat where he was there with me for everything's giving and I was fucked up
yet again daily pain every day from morning till night there's only one way
for us to get justice if it's I win this lawsuit it will open the doors for
many other people to win lawsuits I mean hey if you if if you want to talk
about Israel all fucking day then have matter I don't know anyone over there
on both sides none I want Sean to get justice everyone in Canada
should be behind this boy right now it should be the only thing you're talking
about as a fellow Canadian
justice must come for Sean it's more important to me than anything else I pray
you will all continue the fight and do what's right
so rest in peace Sean there were a lot of other people killed in Canada by the
shot not just Sean and that list needs to be populated and justice needs to be
brought for every one of them a lot of people in America and around the world
are convinced that there was a laboratory leak of a bad cave zone oasis and that
something had to be done and that these shots probably saved a lot of people's
lives and that's a lie that's an illusion of consensus that has even been
reinforced by a Nobel Prize and that my friends that that crime and the
crime the part of that crime that was that was committed in Israel is also
being covered up by what's going on in Israel right now
the illusion of consensus must be broken it doesn't matter whether they're lying
about a lab leak or lying about a release or lying about a bad cave or a
market they're lying they're lying about the fidelity of the tests the
fidelity of the sequencing the value of certain early treatments and not others
they're lying about spread and it doesn't matter whether it's an endemic
background that they're lying about the protocols were murder and
transfections not medicine it doesn't matter whether it was an infectious
clone release which is what I think it was
that's the one that ties the most things together and has the most
flexibility you want three cases that are real and the rest is lies infectious
clones you want hundreds of thousands of cases that are real and the rest are
lies infectious clones have added but it's not a leak and it's not a point
release in Wuhan that's spread by airplane that's not possible that's not
possible understand that it had to be moved around the world it had to be
placed there otherwise the sequences are lies if the sequences are real clones
were used everywhere where the sequences were the same done that's how this works
you want to call that a transfection agent that would be the same thing but
the trap has always been one of the other traps has always been the no virus
position why because the no virus position is very very close to the truth
but completely wrong which is perfect you got this fake debate over here about
lab leak or natural virus and everybody covering up and arguing about it you got
all the way over here people saying that there was nothing they're lying about
everything but then those people that say that they're lying about everything
really don't care about the protocols that much they care a lot more about
foyer requests they don't really care much about explaining
transfection they care more about the electromagnetic properties of water at
microscopic scale not that that's not important
now that we can see this trap we need to start helping people move closer to the
door of the cave I don't think that's the door of the cave obviously the recent
events in the past few days have shown us that that's not the door of the cave
yet we might not be anywhere near the door of the cave we might have to swim
yet before we get out it was a conflated background signal that means
anything anything that that test could pick up that they knew it could pick up
and lied about and told us that if we would have basically they imply that if
they would have rolled this test out in 2019 there wouldn't have been anything
anywhere except for maybe in Wuhan where it first leaked or Mike Callahan was
first tracking it and we wouldn't have found anything anywhere else that's the
lie they're telling you and they're telling you that lie because they want
to invert your children's sovereignty so that they can take their data and so
that they can control them and monitor them with digital ID and with digital
monitoring devices like an advanced Apple Watch it might not solve the
problem that they think it's going to solve but they believe it will and this
same group of people also believes that it's important for all of the mouth
breathers on the planet to believe in vaccines these people also believe it's
really important for all the mouth breathers on the planet to believe in
disease and vaccines and gain a function and pandemics when we know that the
biology isn't there the biology doesn't support it that we know that they don't
understand the immune system with that fidelity that we know that they can't
track RNA and DNA at that size scale with that fidelity and they know that we
know but they're going forward anyway because they think that they can get away
with it that we can't teach this biology in time to save our children but I think
we can I really do and that's why despite the fact that it actually hurts for me
to talk right now I did not break the streak tonight intramuscular injection
of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune
system is dumb according to me transfection is not immunization please stop
all transfections in humans mike van denberg mixed-day
please please stop all transfection everything you do has already bent up
mike van denberg mixed-day
they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary that I know
for sure and I always get it wrong you guys like
I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do
That's my boss I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that
Let's just start till November.